feat: add link code extension (#269)
ansys/ansys-sphinx-theme: doc/source/user_guide/link_code.rst

.. _ref_user_guide_link_code:

Linkcode extension
==================

The Linkcode extension automatically adds "View Source" links to the documentation for Python, C, C++, 
and JavaScript objects. It allows you to link to the source code hosted on GitHub.

Installation
------------

To use the ansys-sphinx-theme linkcode extension, you need to add it to the Sphinx configuration:

> 1. Add the following line in the ``conf.py`` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add the following line in the ``conf.py`` file:
```

Automated numbering is preferred... hardcoded number sections end up being unmaintainable.

The Linkcode extension supports the following configuration options in your `conf.py` file:

- ``link_code_library`` (str, optional):
  The user/repository name where the source code is hosted. For example, ``ansys/ansys-sphinx-theme``.

- ``link_code_source`` (str, optional):
  The relative path of the source code file within the repository. For example, ``src``.

- ``link_code_branch`` (str, optional, default: 'main'):
  The GitHub branch. It can be a specific version like ``main`` or ``dev``.

You can also set the `link_code_library`, `link_code_source`, `link_code_branch`,
and other GitHub-related configuration options directly in the `html_context` dictionary in your `conf.py` file.
By doing so, you can avoid redundancy and centralize the GitHub-related information for the extension:

.. code-block:: python

   # Example of setting GitHub-related configuration in conf.py
   html_context = {
       # "github_url": "https://github.com", # or your GitHub Enterprise site
       "github_user": "<your-github-org>",
       "github_repo": "<your-github-repo>",
       "github_version": "<your-branch>",
       "source_path": "<path-from-root-to-your-source_file>",

>    }

Reviewer: Looking at this it is not clear to me whether the option names are the same or not...

It seems like if I use ``conf.py`` variables, I have to use: `link_code_library`, `link_code_source`, `link_code_branch`
However, if I go with the ``html_context``, only ``source_path`` is needed.

In the paragraph, though, it says that I can also set the  `link_code_library`, `link_code_source`, `link_code_branch` variables in the html_context... which for me means that I can do the following:

```py
   # Example of setting GitHub-related configuration in conf.py
   html_context = {
       # "github_url": "https://github.com", # or your GitHub Enterprise site
       "github_user": "<your-github-org>",
       "github_repo": "<your-github-repo>",
       "github_version": "<your-branch>",
       "link_code_library": "...",
       "link_code_source": "...",
       "link_code_branch": "...",
   }
```

Please, reword this paragraph to make it clear what you mean...

Author: first is the correct, I rewrote. thanks for pointing it @RobPasMue

.. _ref_user_guide_link_code:

Linkcode extension
==================

The Linkcode extension automatically adds "View Source" links to the documentation for Python, C, C++, 
and JavaScript objects. It allows you to link to the source code hosted on GitHub.

Installation
------------

To use the ansys-sphinx-theme linkcode extension, you need to add it to the Sphinx configuration:

> 1. Open your `conf.py` file.
> 
> 2. Add the following line to the file:

Reviewer 2: These could be merged into a single step:

```suggestion
1. Add the following line in the ``conf.py`` file:
```
